Good Morning.

First of all thankyou so much for allowing me to introduce myself.

My name is Aman Jaiswal I have 2yrs experience at TCS where my primary responsibility 
is to provide L2 LEVEL support for Veeva PromoMats Application. 
coming to my education I did btech in ECE from GGSIPU In my current role I interact 
with business user troubleshoot application related issues handling incident and 
service request and provide support for veeva monthly release activities Rightnow I am seeking 
an opportunity where I further inhance my technical expertise and grow my tech career 
in application support and development.

1- What is Veeva Vault?

It is a cloud based content management system used by life science companies to manage 
regulated content, automate review and approval workflow, maintain audit trail 
version control and ensure compliance with regulatory requirement and provide secure 
access to content throughout its lifecycle.

2- What is PromoMats?

PromoMats stand for Promotional Material It is used to manage promotional and marketing content
through review and approval workflow to ensure regulatory compliance.

Modules in PromoMats

1) MLR Review-manage the medical, legal and regulatory review process with workflow and approval. 
2) Claims Management-stores and manages promotional claims, link claims to reference and
tracks claim usage across content. 
3)Digital Asset Management (DAM)-central repository for storing, searching, versioning and
reusing approved digital assets such as PDFs, images, videos and presentations.

Veeva Vault has different modules because different business area has different requirements
etmf-electronic trial master file for storing clinical trial documents
medcomm-for medical and scientific document
rim-regulatory information management for manages regulatory registration and submission 
qms-qualitydocs for manages sops and quality related document.

3-What is Permission sets?
A permission set is a collection of permission that provide a object level permission to user.
ex-user can view, edit, delete a particular document.

4-What is security profile?
A security profile provide a system level access to user define what action a user can do in vault.
Standard profile-provided by veeva like business admin
custom profile-create by admin like business admin+crm publishing

5-What is security policy?
It is used to control user from authentication and password related rules to protect vault
from unauthorized access.
SSO Basic- required email and password to login
SSO Azure- required only email to login

6-What is lifecycle?
A lifecycle defines that what are the different-2 states a document goes through during its life.
ex Material and Review Lifecycle-document lifecycle

7-What is workflow?
A workflow is an automated business process that manages review and approval task assignment 
for a document ensuring business process are completed efficient and compliant.
Note- Workflow is TASK based and Lifecycle is State based.

Main component of workflow
Start-The first step executed when we create the workflow
Control-Collect the information when the workflow starts.
Workflow Steps-The sequence of tasks, decisions, actions and notification that make up the workflow
Workflow Start Step Rules-Condition that determines when a workflow is available
Participants-User or Group involved in Workflow
ex-Initiator
Task-Activities assigned to participants that require actions
ex-approve, reject
Decision-control the workflow path based on participant response
Action-Automated system activities
ex-if approved->move to next lifecycle state, if rejected->draft
ex-change lifecycle state
Notification-Inform participant about assigned task
ex-document ready for review
End-The last step executed when we end the workflow

7-What is application role and lifecycle role?
It is a logical grouping of a user with same business responsibilities it helps assign workflow task,
document sharing to a group instead of individual user
ex-Medical Affairs

It is a document level role that define what kind of a permission a user has on the documents during 
each of its lifecycle state
ex-Medical Affairs-HU

8-What is DAC?
It a mechanism that dynamically assign lifecycle role and document access to user based on 
configured rules and document metadata such as country, product etc. How it works

First Create Application Role(Medical Affairs)
Material Review and Approval->Role->Create Lifecycle Role (Medical Affairs-HU) 
and attach application role to it and Enable DAC All Users and Group

User Account name-TestUser, select Country as Hungary and start the workflow so sharing rule
trigger found similar metadata field like country-hungary on a document with user account 
setup field such as country-hungary so Testuser will get all the security setting permission 
of Medical affairs-HU role has on that document.

9-Explain User Action, Security Setting, Entry Criteria, Entry Actions?
Security Settings-It applies on a document level what a user can do 
when a document in a particular lifecycle state.
ex-Draft->Lifecycle role (Initiator)=create,edit,view,delete.
User Action-A action a user can do to change its current lifecycle state to a required lifecycle state.
ex-add workflow in a start workflow start button
Entry Criteria-A condition must be true before a document enter in a particular lifecycle state.
ex-Draft->all required field are completed
Entry Action-A action vault auto performs when a document enter in a particular lifecycle state.
ex-In Review when a document enter in review auto start medical review workflow and send an email to reviewer

10-What is picklists?
It is predefined list of values that user can select from a field instead of typing text field
-prevent spelling mistake

11-DEPLOYMENT
Test Environment Admin->Deployment->Outbound Package->Click Create package name & description-> 
Click Add component search for the workflow you made include any dependency if you have
like component picklist, fields if they are not already in production save the package 
and click export to generate the deployment package
Production Environment=Admin->Deployment->Inbound Package->Click Import Package and upload
the exported package->review package details resolve any dependencies issue if prompted->click deploy
verify that the deployment completed successfully
outbound package->in source vault, used to export configuration
inbound package->in target vault, used to import configuration

12-what is create domain user and why we need to check domain user before creating a user account?
It used to create a new user within a specific vault module before creating a new user we check 
domain user to see whether the user exist in another module within the same credential or not.

13- what is mlr workflow?
A workflow involving medical, legal and regulatory reviewers to approve the promotional content.

14-what is application licensing or licence type?
It determines the level of access and fuctionality a user have within a vault
full user-create, edit, view participate in workflow
read-only user-only view and cannot participate in workflow
external user-for agencies, vendors, partner limited access to assigned documents and tasks

15-which field mandatory to fill during user creation?
firstname, lastname, username, email, language, local, timezone, security profile

16-What is Approved Email?
17-What is Report?
18-What is Dashboard?
19-What is bulk action
20-What is Vault loader? difference between loader vs bulk action?
